# Project Compass Android Application

## A few words on Project Compass
Compass is a location monitoring platform with GPS reading optimisation capabilities.
Its development is part of the March-April 2021 Software Development internship in [Terracom SA](https://www.terracom.gr/).

## Android Application Description
The role of this application is to provide end users with an intuitive interface for logging their routes.
The app is receiving GPS coordinates at a given time interval. They are in turn stored in a local DB and given an Internet connection, they are published to a remote server via RabbitMQ Queues implementing the AMQ Protocol. These coordinates are then passed to a FaaS implementation of the Kalman filter in order to improve accuracy. The user interface will provide an overview of user's current route with the help of Google Maps API.

## Setup
In order to preview and develop the application, we 'll be using Android Studio.
To load the project, start by going to `File -> New -> Project from Version Control`. The *Get from Version Control* window pops up. Make sure to log in to your GitHub account from the *GitHub* tab. Then, in the *Repository URL* tab, select Git for Version control. Paste the repository URL and specify the directory in which the project will reside. Finally hit *Clone*.<br>
*Note that Android Studio projects, usually reside in* `C:/Users/username/AndroidStudioProjects/`.<br>

In order to get the google API to work you have to include the key in your *local.properties* file.
Since this is a local configuration file generated by Android Studio, you will have to manually add the line `google.map.key = <KEY>` in its contents.<br>

Make sure that before you build and run the project, your Gradle file is in sync. Simply go to `File -> Sync Project with Gradle Files`.
